EnterTab (Programming Language)

EnterTab is a programming language that works on a special infinite tape.

It is best imagined as an empty document, or a text editor.

There are a few data types:
character_type:	CHAR, TAB, ENTER, EOF
number:		Nonnegative integer in decimal representation.
file:		Identifier

Here are the commands:

OPEN(file)
Opens a new (imaginary) document in the name of document name. It is possible to open more than one document at a time.
By default, the first file open is the "root" file.
Possibly, we can let all files with one-character names contain a number of characters equal to the ASCII value of that character, for easier output.

INPUT
Inserts a number of characters equal to the ASCII value of the input to the current document.
Input is blocking. Throws weak exception when no more input is left.

OUTPUT
Output the number of characters in the document (mod 256) as ASCII.

LEFT(number)/RIGHT(number)/UP(number)/DOWN(number)
Moves cursor X places left, right, it is like pressing the left or right arrow key X times.
The behaviour for up/down arrow tries to go to the nearest point of the next/previous line.
If there is a tie, it chooses the point in front.
If RIGHT(1) is done at the end of a line, it moves to the next line.
Throws weak exception when it tries to move the cursor out.

<tab   >
aaaa|(cursor)
becomes
|tab   >
aaaa

TAB(number)
Insert a tab character at the current position with a length of M.
Inserting a tab character of length 1 is equivalent to inserting a character,
but it gets recognised as a tab in the replace command.

This will move the next character to the next position which is a multiple of M.

REPLACE(character_type) {
	// "if statement"
}
If the character after the cursor is X, delete it and run the code inside the brackets.
X can be CHAR, TAB, ENTER or EOF. (EOF cannot really be deleted...)

Use: REPLACE(CHAR)

VALIDMOVE {
	// "loop"
}
Catches weak exception and breaks out of loop immediately when one is thrown.
In nested loops, only break out of most inner loop.

ENTER(number)
Insert X ENTER characters at the current position.

CHAR(number)
Insert X characters at current cursor position.

BACKSPACE(number)
Delete X characters at current cursor position using backspace.
Throws weak exception and does nothing when there are no more characters to delete.

DELETE(number)
Delete X characters at current cursor position using delete.
Throws weak exception and does nothing when there are no more characters to delete.

WIDTH(number)
Sets the width of the line. Any extra characters that don't fit get moved to the next line.
Defaults to 80.

HEIGHT(file)
Print a number of characters equal to the number of lines in the current file to the file argument.
